First pass of AsciiDoc-converted iBASEt guide (#19)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-ibaset-solumina: docs/partner_editable/specialized_knowledge.adoc

// Replace the content in <>
// Describe or link to specific knowledge requirements; for example: “familiarity with basic concepts in the areas of networking, database operations, and data encryption” or “familiarity with <software>.”

> This Quick Start assumes familiarity with Amazon EKS, Amazon ES, Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and other 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Quick Start assumes familiarity with Amazon EKS, Amazon ES, Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, AWS IAM and Auto-Scaling.
```
